Homogenize flake8 line length (#957)
scrapinghub/dateparser: CONTRIBUTING.rst

    $ tox

>    To get tox, just pip install them into your virtualenv. (Note that we use ``max-line-length = 119`` for flake8, this is configured in ``setup.cfg`` file.)

Reviewer: What about not mentioning flake8 or any configuration file at all at this point?

```suggestion
   To get ``tox``, just ``pip install`` it into your virtualenv. In addition to tests, ``tox`` checks for code style and maximum line length (119 characters).
```
